(U) Detect adversary modification of the following:
	a. bash_profile
	b. bashrc

(U) Detect adversary addition of user to local administrator group:
	a. Account manipulation
	b. Account creation

(U) Detect adversary addition of root user and sudoer.
	a. Root
	b. sudoer

(U) Detect adversary presence in windows logon and startup scripts.

(U) Detect adversary presence in linux logon and startup scripts.

(U) Detect adversary addition to BITS jobs.

(U) Detect DLL Search Order Hijacking.

(U) Detect malicious hidden files and/or directories.

(U) Detect the presence of a rootkit.

(U) Detect the presence of a malicious cronjob.

(U) Detect the presence of a malware maintaining persistence through scheduled tasks.

(U) Detect the presence of malware maintaining persistence through modified services.

(U) Detect the adversary changes to PATH variables.

(U) Detect the presence of malicious activity using elevated execution permissions from the following methods:
	a. Setuid
	b. Setgid

(U) Detect the use of shortcut modification.

(U) Detect malicious use of WMI event subscription.

(U) Detect the use of data staging and encoding used prior to exfiltration.

(U) Detect the exfiltration of data over removable devices.

(U) Demonstrate the ability to search for Indicators of Compromise on a dead disk.

(U) Triage malware from dead disk and identify the process to get assistance with reverse engineering.

(U) Detect malware in Memory.

(U) Discover Files using Alternate Data streams.

(U) Submit tool and capability requirements to resolve mission gaps in accordance with established policies, regulations, and procedures.

(U) Evaluate a comprehensive assessment strategy that leverages available information sources, personnel, and systems to address potential vulnerabilities and risk-related practices.

(U) Incorporate open source vulnerability assessment tools into a virtual machine for use in a test environment.

(U) Given current intelligence and a network map, create a host collection plan.

(U) Given a scenario and required data, draft or provide input to the host section of a risk mitigation plan.