(U) Given organization system policy identify invalid active directory objects.

(U) Given an Active Directory domain audit policy and threat actor tactics, techniques and procedures identify auditing gaps that would prevent logging.

(U) Demonstrate using PowerShell to manage Active Directory applicable to cyber operations.

(U) Interpret and configure host-based firewalls and Host Intrusion Prevention Systems through group policy.

(U) Explain how to ensure patches are up to date for all domain workstations and determine effectiveness of current process for updating.

(U) Given a list of IOCs identify key log entries/Event IDs ,use a Security information and event management (SIEM) platform to correlate indicators of compromise, and develop dashboards to better visualize data.

(U) Using a SIEM create alerts to detect the creation of unauthorized accounts.

(U) Configure, forward, and statically analyze logs from all workstations in an enterprise environment.

(U) Explain how to oversee the development of host-based IDS/IPS signatures, settings, and applicable agents.

(U) Explain how to oversee the development of host-based IDS/IPS signatures, settings, and applicable agents.

(U) Explain how to oversee the tuning of host-based IDS/IPS alerts in order to evaluate their severity while eliminating false positives.

(U) Given a list of active processes identify libraries, modules, executables, and binaries against databases of known advanced malware.

(U) Given and IOC, explain how to utilize tools and analysis techniques to identify processes, libraries, modules, and other activity that have been obfuscated and might indicate the presence of a more advanced rootkit on endpoint.

(U) Given a Prioritized Defended Asset list, identify which dependent systems are key terrain.

(U) Evaluate patch levels on host machines across a complex Windows domain to determine the current patch level consistency.

(U) Given a host baseline of configuration/state, for host machines on a network conduct a scan for anomalous configurations.

(U) Given a Windows Domain Controller, evaluate information (e.g. users, groups, trust relationships, and security policies) from a complex Domain to identify vulnerabilities/misconfiguration, and how to export this information.

(U) Given a script determine what is occurring.

(U) Perform device discovery in order to conduct enumeration of a complex network while limiting the amount of network traffic generated.

(U) Analyze host discovery tool output to generate accurate maps of endpoint systems.